---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/timeline/dates/major-events/2000s/2005-06-17-030202/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":false}
---

# THE SOUND OF PAGES TURNING

---

Hi Mulligan Fans, 

here's the news...

We've recently made a new friend. Well, I'd like to think we make new friends all the time, but this one is special. His name is Shane VanSickle, and he's the new drummer for Mulligan.

Dustin has been with the band for six years, five months, eighteen days, eleven hours and 34 minutes. So a long time. We have been through a whole lot as a band; fights and laughs, tears and punches, and four records.

Dustin has had a lot of really great things happen in his life recently. He's about to be a daddy. He became engaged to Becca, and he is now the proud owner of his very own farmhouse! With all of these changes he's made in his life, it became clear to all of us that he needed to leave the band.

Now a lot of bands have broken up, I'm sure everyone has heard stories about how the bandmates scream and throw shit at each other, but I'm proud to say that Mulligan handled this situation quite well. We all sat around in my front lawn on a perfect summer day and just talked. By the end of the day we were all still best friends but no longer bandmates.

So we all think it was sad, but a happy kind of sad.

We look forward to seeing all of you with our new drummer and encourage you to ask the new kid for his autograph, just please don't punch him in the face when it doesn't say "[[Map of Content|Map of Content]]."

~ Jake

---

[[Timeline/Events/Mulligan/Mulligan|Mulligan]]

#Mulligan 