---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/timeline/dates/major-events/2020s/2021-02-10-120000/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":false}
---

# My Dad Died


## **Johnnie B. Smith**

**February 1, 1962 ~ February 10, 2021 (age 59)**

### Obituary

  
>Johnnie B. Smith, 59, of Marshall died on Wednesday, February 10, 2021 at his home. 

Johnnie was born on February 1, 1962, in Marshall to Ernest and Mary (Goodman) Smith. He graduated from Marshall High School in 1980. 

Johnnie worked for McElroy Metal in Marshall for a short time, and prior to that he worked at Tenneco in Marshall for several years. Johnnie also owned his own lawn care and car detailing business in Marshall for many years. He enjoyed being outdoors, hunting, fishing, and being an avid golfer. Johnnie enjoyed riding his motorcycle, bon fires and dancing. He especially enjoyed spending time with his family.   

He is survived by his son [[Map of Content|Map of Content]]; three grandchildren, Rayna, Lydia, and Everett; and his siblings, Cathy Williams, Brenda Hall, and Ernest (Lisa) Smith. He was preceded in death by his parents; grandson Jensen B. Smith; and a sister Karen Smith-Wallace. 

Visitation will take place on Monday February 15, 2021 from 11am-1pm with funeral service taking place at 1pm. Interment will follow at Oakridge Cemetery. Due to Covid19 state masks and safety guidelines will be followed along with marked entrances and exits. 

Memorial contributions to the family. 

Memorial may be mailed to the Kempf Funeral Home PO Box 519 Marshall MI 49068 for delivery to the family. 

Leave a personal message for the family and sign the online guestbook at 

<https://www.kempffuneralhome.com> 

Arrangements are entrusted to the Kempf Family Funeral and Cremation Services 723 US Hwy 27 N Marshall MI 49068. 


___

[[Timeline/People/Family/Johnnie B Smith|Johnnie B Smith]]
